\PassOptionsToPackage{unicode=true}{hyperref} % options for packages loaded elsewhere
\PassOptionsToPackage{hyphens}{url}
%
\documentclass[booklet, twoside, 12pt]{krantz}
\usepackage{lmodern}
\usepackage{amssymb,amsmath}
\usepackage{ifxetex,ifluatex}
\usepackage{fixltx2e} % provides \textsubscript
\ifnum 0\ifxetex 1\fi\ifluatex 1\fi=0 % if pdftex
  \usepackage[T1]{fontenc}
  \usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}
  \usepackage{textcomp} % provides euro and other symbols
\else % if luatex or xelatex
  \usepackage{unicode-math}
  \defaultfontfeatures{Ligatures=TeX,Scale=MatchLowercase}
\fi
% use upquote if available, for straight quotes in verbatim environments
\IfFileExists{upquote.sty}{\usepackage{upquote}}{}
% use microtype if available
\IfFileExists{microtype.sty}{%
\usepackage[]{microtype}
\UseMicrotypeSet[protrusion]{basicmath} % disable protrusion for tt fonts
}{}
\IfFileExists{parskip.sty}{%
\usepackage{parskip}
}{% else
\setlength{\parindent}{0pt}
\setlength{\parskip}{6pt plus 2pt minus 1pt}
}
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{
            pdftitle={A Minecraft Series},
            pdfauthor={by Beckett},
            pdfborder={0 0 0},
            breaklinks=true}
\urlstyle{same}  % don't use monospace font for urls
\usepackage[left=1.5cm, right=1.5cm, top=1cm, bottom=3cm]{geometry}
\usepackage{longtable,booktabs}
% Fix footnotes in tables (requires footnote package)
\IfFileExists{footnote.sty}{\usepackage{footnote}\makesavenoteenv{longtable}}{}
\usepackage{graphicx,grffile}
\makeatletter
\def\maxwidth{\ifdim\Gin@nat@width>\linewidth\linewidth\else\Gin@nat@width\fi}
\def\maxheight{\ifdim\Gin@nat@height>\textheight\textheight\else\Gin@nat@height\fi}
\makeatother
% Scale images if necessary, so that they will not overflow the page
% margins by default, and it is still possible to overwrite the defaults
% using explicit options in \includegraphics[width, height, ...]{}
\setkeys{Gin}{width=\maxwidth,height=\maxheight,keepaspectratio}
\setlength{\emergencystretch}{3em}  % prevent overfull lines
\providecommand{\tightlist}{%
  \setlength{\itemsep}{0pt}\setlength{\parskip}{0pt}}
\setcounter{secnumdepth}{5}
% Redefines (sub)paragraphs to behave more like sections
\ifx\paragraph\undefined\else
\let\oldparagraph\paragraph
\renewcommand{\paragraph}[1]{\oldparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi
\ifx\subparagraph\undefined\else
\let\oldsubparagraph\subparagraph
\renewcommand{\subparagraph}[1]{\oldsubparagraph{#1}\mbox{}}
\fi

% set default figure placement to htbp
\makeatletter
\def\fps@figure{htbp}
\makeatother

\usepackage{booktabs}
\usepackage{caption}
\captionsetup[figure]{labelformat=empty}
\usepackage[]{natbib}
\bibliographystyle{plainnat}

\title{A Minecraft Series}
\author{by Beckett}
\date{2019-02-11}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

{
\setcounter{tocdepth}{1}
\tableofcontents
}
\hypertarget{preface}{%
\chapter*{Preface}\label{preface}}


This book is about my adventures in a video game named Minecraft.

\hypertarget{about-the-author}{%
\chapter*{About the Author}\label{about-the-author}}


Beckett is an aspiring author and illustrator. Beckett also loves
Minecraft, Lego's, and Transformers, as well as making up endless
stories while he walks.

\hypertarget{acknowledgements}{%
\chapter*{Acknowledgements}\label{acknowledgements}}


Thanks to my editor, Mom, and my publisher, Dad. Also, thanks to
Minecraft community for the inspiration that helped me make this book.

\hypertarget{the-beginning}{%
\chapter{The Beginning}\label{the-beginning}}

\hypertarget{the-final-war}{%
\chapter{The Final War}\label{the-final-war}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/final-war.jpg}

\clearpage

\hypertarget{he-returns}{%
\section{He Returns}\label{he-returns}}

One day I was exploring when I saw a witch flying down and was heading
towards my base! The witch was too fast. She got past the iron golems. I
said, ``It must be Cindy -- the best witch around!''

She got someone out of prison then Cindy gave him magic. That someone is
Herobrine. When I got back they were gone and all of my stuff was gone
too! I went to Felix's house, and said, ``Felix?''

Then Herobrine popped up and said, ``I took Felix and blew up your base,
and I disabled all portals. Ha, ha, ha!''

\textbf{\emph{At Herobrine's base in the End\ldots{}}}

Herobrine was with:

\begin{itemize}
\tightlist
\item
  Elder the elder guardian,
\item
  Endy the ender dragon,
\item
  Will the wither,
\item
  and Cindy the witch.
\end{itemize}

Cindy said, ``Finally we got the command block map of power.''

While they were chatting an enderman was listening without permission.

\hypertarget{should-i-be-good}{%
\section{Should I be good?}\label{should-i-be-good}}

It was night and all of Herobrine's endermen were gone. The meeting was
over, so an enderman took the map and brought it to me.

\includegraphics[width=2.60417in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/table-and-map.jpg}

I was starving. The enderman gave me 16 cakes, and I ate three of them.
The enderman also gave me the map. I said, ``Thanks, but I thought you
were bad.''

The enderman said, ``I want to be a better enderman, and, by the way, my
name is Malek.''

\includegraphics[width=5.20833in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/malek-beckett.jpg}

\textbf{\emph{In Herobrine's base\ldots{}}}

``The map!'' Herobrine yelled when he discovered his map was missing.

\textbf{\emph{1 hour later\ldots{}}}

Everyone was there to talk about their plan. Herobrine said,

``Elder, get the water gem!''

``Will, get the fire gem!''

``Endy, get the teleportation gem!''

``Cindy, get the night crystal!''

``And I'll get the command block. We need all of these to rule the
world!''

\includegraphics[width=2.08333in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/crystals.jpg}

\hypertarget{the-command-block}{%
\section{The command block}\label{the-command-block}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/nooooo.jpg}

Malek and I trained for seven days, and then I went to a village to pass
out flyers to every house. The flyers said, ``Herobrine is back, and we
need help!'' The next day a toolsmith named Aden and a weaponsmith named
Bob came to help me. We followed the map and when we got to the command
block tower Herobrine was going up the stairs.

Herobrine said, ``Malek, why are you working with Beckett?''

Malek said, ``I like him better than you!''

Malek teleported us up to the top of the tower where the command block
was. Herobrine teleported himself up to the command block also.
Herobrine knocked me back, and then fought with Malek. When I got back
up, I threw Herobrine off the tower.

Herobrine said, ``Nooooo!''

Malek said, ``Great job.''

I said, ``The command block runs on magic, Malek. But, I think you'll
die if you give the command block all your magic.''

Malek said, ``Remember me when I'm gone,'' and gave all his magic away.

I said, ``Nooooooooo!''

And then I said, ``I will get Malek and Felix back.''

\hypertarget{the-rescue}{%
\section{The Rescue}\label{the-rescue}}

``I better keep this safe,'' I said. And I put the command block and the
other crystals and gems into an undectabale lair.

\textbf{\emph{6 Days later\ldots{}}}

Herobrine said, ``Welcome back. Did you get it?''

``No,'' Cindy said.

Elder said, ``I don't know where it is, but I know that Beckett stole
it.''

Herobrine said, ``All right, Elder, now I'm going to see if I sense
it.'' Herobrine used his magical powers to find a powerful crystal.
``Nothing,'' he said.

Cindy said, ``Maybe it's the undetectable block.''

\textbf{\emph{At my base\ldots{}}}

With the crystals safe in an undetectable lair, I teleported to get my
friends back. I got Felix out of prison using the teleportation gem.
Then the alarm went off. An Enderman army came, but I teleported and got
a good magic jar. I dumped the magic on Malek's dead body.

Malek woke up and said, ``Thank you for saving me.''

That is when I teleported everyone out.

\hypertarget{herobrines-lightning}{%
\section{Herobrine's Lightning}\label{herobrines-lightning}}

\textbf{\emph{In the end\ldots{}}}

The enderman were mining when an enderman found a dark energy crystal.
They brought it to Herobrine and he was so pleased. He had all he wanted
to make him super powerful, so he did. He got two new superpowers. One
of them was dark lightning, the other was teleportation punch.

\includegraphics[width=1.04167in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/dark-lightning.jpg}

\textbf{\emph{At My Base\ldots{}}}

``Bob, how's the armor coming?'' I said.

``Good,'' Bob said.

A portal opened and Herobrine came out.

I said, ``Ready, Go!'' I put on the armor that Bob was making, and then
my whole team went out to fight Herobrine.

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/bob.jpg}

Malek and Bob and Felix finished the battle. I had a big scar on my
face. I couldn't get out to battle for a while.

While I was recovering, Felix led the team. One day Herobrine captured
everyone but me. I couldn't battle, but my friends needed me so I got my
sword and went to battle anyway. I eventually won and freed my friends
so I was back on the team.

One day I went to the mineshaft, and I never came back down there. I
found stacks of stuff. When I found a secret entrance inside there were
tons of creepers. I said,

``Could it be? No way!''

\hypertarget{king-creeper}{%
\section{King Creeper}\label{king-creeper}}

There -- on a throne -- was King Creeper. He was green and black,
wearing a crown on his head, and he had no arms. King Creeper used to be
in charge of everything. Now even zombies do not want him. He feels like
dying.

King Creeper said, ``I live down here alone with my fellow creepers; not
even a zombie needs me.''

I said, ``You can be on my team.''

He said, ``Do you need me?''

I said, ``Yes.''

We left the cave and took King Creeper with his fellow creepers back to
our base.

\includegraphics[width=1.82292in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/king-creeper.jpg}

When we returned to our base, King Creeper told us this story,

``I left the tower to fight players. I ran and ran until I fell into a
cave, and I never came out again!''

King Creeper's fellow creepers didn't like where this was going. They
did not want King Creaper to join the rebellion, so they decided to kill
him. They all decided to blow up my base. So they
did\ldots{}\textbf{3-2-1-BOOM!!}

\hypertarget{alex-to-the-rescue}{%
\section{Alex to the Rescue}\label{alex-to-the-rescue}}

All of us are hurt then someone came out and saved us.

Alex said, ``Call me Alex.''

Alex built a house and got us back on our feet.

Unfortunately, the explosion destroyed the undetectable lair. While we
were recovering from the blast, Herobrine got all of the crystals.

He said, ``Yes, yes.''

\includegraphics[width=4.16667in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/alex-herobrine.jpg}

\textbf{\emph{Back at Our New Base\ldots{}}}

Herobrine teleported to us as he transformed himself into the most
deadliest monster ever. He was invincible except for his eyes. If you
touch one of Herobrine's eyes then all the magic goes out of him. If you
touch both of Herobrine's eyes then he will die.

Then a portal opened and all of the generals came out.

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/final-war/herobrine.jpg}

I said, ``Let's fight!''

Felix tried to punch Elder, but Felix was burned by Elder's laser eyes.

Malek tried to teleport to Herobrine, but Herobrine was too powerful.
``Odd,'' Malek said.

Herobrine said, ``All of the magic is mine. Ha, ha, ha.''

\hypertarget{herobrines-battle}{%
\section{Herobrine's battle}\label{herobrines-battle}}

Alex jumped to Endy, but Endy knocked Alex back. ``Ah!'' Alex said as
she fell down next to Felix and Malek. Now, Bob and I were the only ones
not hurt.

Then all of the bad guys combined their strength to make a giant laser
to destroy us. The bad guys shot Bob and me with the laser so we could
not battle.

Next Herobrine tried to take over the world. But when he tried, it
didn't work.

Herobrine said, ``Noooooooo, there's a lifelock.''

I said, ``Ha!''

Herobrine said, ``I know the lifelock is in Beckett's brain,''

Herobrine went into my brain to find memory 57 where the lifelock was
stored.

Then Bob said, ``The only way to kill Herobrine now is to kill
Beckett.''

So Bob killed me so he could kill Herobrine.

As he died, Herobrine said, ``Noooooooooo!''

The bad guys were really sad and said, ``We lost our leader. We should
go home and have a funeral.''

And so the world was saved and everyone recovered, but I was still dead.

Then all of the crystals said, ``Thank you for saving us. As your
reward, we will now save Beckett.''

Then I came back to life too, and I said, ``Thank you for saving me!''

\hypertarget{the-end}{%
\section*{The End}\label{the-end}}


Meanwhile, in the Nether someone said,

``It's my time to raise an army.''

\textbf{Book 3\ldots{}coming soon}

\hypertarget{king-ghasts-revenge}{%
\chapter{King Ghast's Revenge}\label{king-ghasts-revenge}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/00-ghast.jpg}

\clearpage

\hypertarget{rise-of-a-villain}{%
\section{Rise of a Villain}\label{rise-of-a-villain}}

My team decided to have a victory party for Herobrine's death, but
someone had other ideas.

In the Nether\ldots{}

\includegraphics[width=4.16667in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/03-aaa.jpg}

King Ghast decided to fight for evil again. He went to The End to find
Cindy, the witch, Will, the wither, and Elder, the Elder guardian. He
talked about his plan and they said, ``With a leader like you, we can
win -- you are now Emperor Ghast!''

Meanwhile\ldots{}

My team had to go to the mine that is close to my destroyed base. I
tripped on a rock and fell down to a hidden base made by my dad many
years ago. My dad as a ghost appeared and said, ``I see you found my lab
-- come on let me take you on a tour. On the way Dad said,''I'm sorry
for almost killing you. I was turned into Herobrine but now I can
remember everything."

I felt sad and said, ``I had no idea.''

The ghost said, ``I fell into a bad magic pool. That's how I become
Herobrine.''

Dad showed me the library, treasure room and the weapon room. Dad said,
``I never powered the weapons.'' Then I grabbed the command block that I
had found at the command block tower during my earlier adventures.
``Perfect,'' Dad said.

I placed the command block in the missing spot and it worked. The
command block powered all the weapons.

\hypertarget{party}{%
\section{Party!}\label{party}}

I left the secret lab and found the party gear I needed in the mine. I
went back to my base with the party gear. Three villages joined. We
danced, ate, played, and then King Ghast popped out of nowhere. The
villages were damaged in King Ghast's attack. Many of the villagers were
injured. Boom! Boom!! Boom!!! Booom!!!

\includegraphics[width=5.20833in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/04-everyone.jpg}

A building had collapsed on Bob. I pulled rocks off and there was Bob.
We finished the fight but Bob didn't make it; instead he died. During
the fight the bad guys got Herobrine's skull.

In the end\ldots{}

\includegraphics[width=3.125in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/04-jar.jpg}

Cindy threw 100 gallons of bad magic on Herobrine's skull. But nothing
happened. When Cindy was finished she said, ``Come back to me,
Herobrine.'' And then she heard him whisper back, ``I will, I will.''

\hypertarget{the-fight}{%
\section{The Fight}\label{the-fight}}

A few hours later\ldots{}

I felt evil getting stronger then a portal opened in the base's front
yard, and King Ghast and all his minion ghasts came out. I got 3 weapons
from the lab. They were a TNT thrower, a super jumper machine and a
super speed machine. I yelled at the ghasts as I shot them, ``Get some
TNT and you and you. You ghasts all get TNTs.'' Felix used the jumping
machine to jump high and hit the flying Ghasts.

\includegraphics[width=4.16667in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/07-attack.jpg}

Aden used the speed machine to make tools, armor, and weapons super
fast. I was talking about a plan when\ldots{}BOOM! I was shot with a bad
magic ball and I became evil.

``Give him a good magic jar'' said Felix and then threw one on me.

\includegraphics[width=1.04167in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/06-creeper.jpg}
\includegraphics[width=2.08333in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/06-dots.jpg}

We eventually scared off King Ghast.

In the end\ldots{}

100 bad magic jars were sent by his mining minions to King Ghast, and he
decided to experiment with them. He built an energy tracker which tracks
energy through other realities.

Meanwhile\ldots{}

That night I had a dream that Herobrine was alive, and he was a robot.
``Come and get me'' he said. I woke up. ``What happened?'' I wondered.

\includegraphics[width=3.125in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/09-herobrine.jpg}

My ghost Dad reappeared and said, ``You saw the future''.

``How?'' I said.

I felt as much energy in my body as a time machine has, and I went to
bed. The next morning I talked to my friends about Herobrine coming back
and no one believed me, but my ghost Dad and Malek.

We thought King Ghast was up to something, so we sent Malek to find out
what he was doing.

\hypertarget{maleks-mission}{%
\section{Malek's Mission}\label{maleks-mission}}

Malek was sent to spy on King Ghast, and he found a factory and it was
making a headless robot. He said, ``Is that Herobrine's robot body?''

\includegraphics[width=3.125in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/10-herobrine.jpg}

At my base\ldots{}

We went to a farm to to get food. I got food from a cow, but everyone
else said the cow was a spy. The cow overheard us talking about Malek
and ran away. The cow came to a temple and talked to the slaves to
deliver the information that it had learned. It was a spy trained to
deliver secret messages.

Malek's trip back to my base took twice as long as usual because he had
to avoid all the bad guys who were trying to capture him thanks to the
cow spy. Once Malek go back he told me about the important information
and data he'd discovered. He had learned that King Ghast's plan was to
travel to a different reality.

\hypertarget{cindy-vs-king-ghast}{%
\section{Cindy vs King Ghast}\label{cindy-vs-king-ghast}}

Cindy wanted to get Herobrine back but King Ghast wanted to stay on the
throne. Everyone disagreed with King Ghast, so Cindy was now in charge.
King Ghast was overthrown.

Cindy finished Herobrine's robot body and Herobrine's stolen skull was
put on. It would take a few hours for him to come back to life. Now
Cindy had to distract me so I wouldn't destroy Herobrine before he came
back to life. Cindy got Will, Elder, and King Ghast and went to find me.

\hypertarget{the-big-battle}{%
\section{The Big Battle}\label{the-big-battle}}

Cindy, Will, Elder, and King Ghast went to find me. When they did find
me, I was standing right next to Elder with my sword. KABLAM!!! Elder
was dead.

King Ghast was shooting bad magic balls everywhere. I was captured and
put in a cage. Then everyone else came out of the base to fight King
Ghast and the others. Felix broke me out of the cage, and we all started
fighting. The fight lasted for 1 hour and 45 minutes. At the end, all my
friends had been captured and put in the cage. I was the only one left.
I said, ``Bring it on!'' Some magic got on my sword from King Ghast's
fireball.

\includegraphics[width=1.04167in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/13-sword.jpg}

Luckily that bad magic did not touch my hand, and I used it to kill King
Ghast. Will ran away. Suddenly a portal opened and Cindy ran away. I
said, ``I'm too late!''

\includegraphics[width=1.04167in,height=\textheight]{img/king-ghast/14-portal.jpg}

A portal appeared and Herobrine stepped out. He was huge with a robot
body and a skull head. On his shoulders were two bad magic jars.
Herobrine said, \textbf{``I'm back and you won't stop me!''}

\hypertarget{herobrine-returns}{%
\chapter{Herobrine Returns}\label{herobrine-returns}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/1-herobrine-medium.jpg}

\clearpage

\hypertarget{herobrine-returns-1}{%
\section{Herobrine Returns}\label{herobrine-returns-1}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/3-gods.jpg}

Herobrine came out and said, ``Come and get me!'' I said, ''No.''
Herobrine said, ``I just wanted you to get a look at me. I will come
back in an hour to kill you.'' Then he went away.

\emph{At my base\ldots{}}

I said, ``Malek, what data did you collect?'' Malek said, ``The gems we
have can turn us into gods. The bad guys want to get the gems so they
can turn into gods.''

\emph{One hour later\ldots{}}

Herobrine came out of the portal. My team and I got out of my base. The
fight was long but at the end I turned into the Life God. That guy's
weakness is things that contain good magic like trees, good guys and
basically earth. I almost shut off Herobrine but he ran away before I
could deactivate him. After that I took a nap. When I woke up I said,
``It's time we raid Herobrine's base.''

\hypertarget{we-raid-the-base}{%
\section{We Raid the Base}\label{we-raid-the-base}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/7-door.jpg}

Everybody was silent then Malek said, ``Are you crazy? That's
impossible! People come in and then die.'' I said, ``My grandfather
found out and in every End Temple there's a tunnel that leads right to
Herobrine's base.''

\emph{In the tunnel\ldots{}}

I said, ``Our job is to blow up Herobrine's base. While we are inside
getting all the information, King Creeper, Alex, and Aden will construct
a bomb. When the bomb is finished you come inside and blow up
Herobrine's base.''

\emph{On Earth\ldots{}}

Steve Decided to go to the end to see Alex, his wife.

\emph{In the End\ldots{}}

Malek, Felix, and I got in Herobrine's base. Felix and I got in the
vent, and Malek pretended to be a bad guy. I saw Cindy come out of a
door and took a picture of her membership card.

\emph{In the bad guy's base\ldots{}}

Felix was in a fight with Will. When the fight ended, Felix was put in
prison.

\emph{In the tunnel\ldots{}}

Aden, King Creeper, and Alex were almost done, but a sinkhole opened,
and Aiden and the bomb fell Down. Aden died. \emph{In the bad guy's
base\ldots{}}

Malek accidentally found Will who said, ``Malek? Is it really you?
Guards, get him!'' Malek said, ``I knew this was a bad idea''. Malek was
put in prison.

\emph{In the tunnel\ldots{}}

Sinkholes were everywhere. Alex saw Steve, and Steve made a portal. Alex
and Steve went back to Earth. Eventually King creeper made it to
Herobrine's base. He freed Malek and Felix. King creeper called me and
said, ``Time to blow up the base!'' I said, ''But there's no bomb you
will have to blow yourself up.'' King Creeper said, ``Then that's what
I'll do,'' and everyone got out. King Creeper exploded but did not come
back to life. I started to cry. I felt like my team was falling apart,
but also I had to stay sharp.

\hypertarget{the-bad-guy-survival-on-earth}{%
\section{The Bad Guy Survival on
Earth}\label{the-bad-guy-survival-on-earth}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/10-base.jpg}

It would take a year to fix the base in the End. After the base was
destroyed, Herobrine put his base on Earth. Since Herobrine has never
lived on earth it was hard to survive. Herobrine was always mad on
Earth.

One day Cindy was sent to the mines. Cindy found our Mineshaft and went
inside. She found a door and opened it. Inside was where we found King
Creeper but this time it was all decorated with zombie decorations.
Cindy looked around and then she heard someone say in a deep voice,
``Cindy, I was looking for you.'' Cindy said, ``King Zombie!''

\hypertarget{the-battle-of-our-lives}{%
\section{The Battle of Our Lives}\label{the-battle-of-our-lives}}

\includegraphics[width=2.60417in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/13-forcefield.jpg}

Herobrine left King Zombie in charge while he fought me. He took Cindy,
Will, and the army of Enderman to our base. When Herobrine got to my
base, he said, ``Come out Beckett.'' I said, ``Everyone come out.'' Then
I said, ``This is a job for the Life God.'' When I turned into the Life
God there was a force field that things with bad magic can't go through.
When everyone came out I said, ``Everyone fight Herobrine's Enderman,
and I'll fight Herobrine.''

\emph{One hour later\ldots{}}

I said, ``We are losing the battle.'' The Villagers saw and decided to
help. I said, ``The villagers were saved. Now it is just us and
Herobrine.''

\hypertarget{herobrine-and-us}{%
\section{Herobrine and Us}\label{herobrine-and-us}}

\includegraphics[width=2.60417in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/15-orangeguy.jpg}

Our team thought we had the advantage but we were wrong. Soon everybody
was hurt but me. It was because of my life shield. I said, ``Guys we
can't give up.'' Then I saw the Fire Gem fly towards Felix. Then Felix
turned into the Fire God. Felix and I fought Herobrine but Felix wasn't
used to his power so after a while he would lose his power. As soon as
Felix lost his power Herobrine picked up the Fire Gem and said,
``Yes\ldots{}more\ldots{}MORE!'' as he turned into the Fire God.

I called Everyone else and said, ``Help!'' Everyone came. Then a portal
opened. I said, ``Steve, I was wondering where the Magic Gem was, and
now I know you are the magic god.'' he hit Herobrine but it didn't do a
dent. Then Herobrine got his power too. The magic got turned back into
Steve. Herobrine destroyed Malek and hope was lost. The fight went on at
the end. Herobrine punched me so hard that I turned back into a human.
But Herobrine couldn't find the Life Gem, so he got the life lock key
from our base instead. Herobrine had won.

\hypertarget{the-new-world}{%
\section{The New World}\label{the-new-world}}

\includegraphics[width=2.60417in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/17-greenguy.jpg}

Felix was in a secret base when the door opened. Malek said, ``Herobrine
destroyed the last town.'' Felix said, ``Herobrine got the life lock key
and killed Beckett; now he has the upper hand.''

\emph{At the bad guys base\ldots{}}

Herobrine said, ``It has been a year since I killed Beckett and I still
can't find the Life Gem.'' I hid it in my palm. Suddenly, I came back to
life as the Life God. I said, ``The Life Gem must have turned me alive
again.'' I went back to Felix's base and found Felix. We talked and
talked, and then I said, ``That's it! I'll talk to Cindy and Will and
see if they want to take down Herobrine.''

\hypertarget{will-or-will-not}{%
\section{Will or Will Not}\label{will-or-will-not}}

\emph{In the Nether\ldots{}}

Will and Cindy were playing when I came. Will said, ``What do you
want?'' I said, ``Herobrine is destroying our land.'' Will said,
``Herobrine is destroying the Nether, too.'' I said, ``Then let's stop
Herobrine once and for all!''

Cindy and I will team up to the destroy Herobrine. Cindy took off her
mask. I said, ``Mom?'' Cindy said, ``Yes, Herobrine forced me to give up
all good and take on this disguise, or else I would die.'' Then Mom got
the Water Gem turned into the water God.

\hypertarget{the-last-war}{%
\section{The Last War}\label{the-last-war}}

\includegraphics[width=1.04167in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/weapons-blueball.jpg}
\includegraphics[width=0.3125in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/weapons-green.jpg}
\includegraphics[width=1.04167in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/weapons-greengun.jpg}
\includegraphics[width=1.04167in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/weapons-redguy.jpg}
\includegraphics[width=1.04167in,height=\textheight]{img/herobrine-returns/weapons-sword.jpg}

Malek turned into the night God. I got my life sword; Malek got his
night arrows and a night bow; and Mom got the ice machine. Suddenly
Herobrine came out of a portal. Will said, ``Herobrine, you boss us
around too much, now it's time for you to die.''

After a while Will destroyed his own heart -- the Nether Star -- to save
us all. Will's death caused Herobrine to lose the Fire Gem. Felix got
the Fire Gem and turned into the Fire God.

Eventually all of us were not able to fight. Dad as a ghost possessed me
and fought Herobrine. Felix said, ``Wow, I never knew dad was so
strong.'' But Herobrine still took Dad down. Then I had an idea.

I fought for a while and then shut my eyes. Felix said, ``Don't do it!''
Herobrine tried to punch me. I dodged it. Herobrine said, ``What? He had
his eyes closed.'' After a while I open my eyes and threw a magic ball
at Herobrine. Herobrine fell, and I cut his head to pieces. My team got
the life lock key and saved the world.

From that day on we were called\ldots{}

\textbf{WORLD'S DEFENDERS}

\hypertarget{the-four-bad-guys}{%
\chapter{The Four Bad Guys}\label{the-four-bad-guys}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/05-four-bad-guys.jpg}

\clearpage

\hypertarget{maleks-old-friend}{%
\section{Malek's old friend}\label{maleks-old-friend}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/scared.jpg}

Someone was running. Someone was panicking. His name was Ender. He led a
company called the ``E.N.D. Spies''. Their job was to spy on bad guys,
but right now he was being hunted and he was running because End Bot and
three hunters were chasing him. Ender ran so fast that the bad guys
didn't know where he went. Soon Ender came to an electric fence
protecting our base. Ender said, ``Let me in! Let me in!'' There was a
security camera. I saw him over the security camera. I said, ``Malik you
have to see this.'' Malik came and said, ``That's Ender! Let him in!!''
I did. We closed the door. When the three bad guys arrived, Alex put up
the defenses. The bad guy in the middle said, ``You don't scare
\ldots{}!''

Then, Clank!!! The other two bad guys dropped their weapons and ran
away. ``AAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!'' screamed the other bad guy as he ran away.
``That was easy,'' said Ender. ``Now tell us why you're here,'' I said.
``I will,'' said Ender.

\hypertarget{enders-story}{%
\section{Ender's story}\label{enders-story}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/armstrong.jpg}

Everybody found a seat and sat down.

I said, ``Ender, I want to hear your backstory. What brought you here?''

Ender said, ``Well first, I made a network of undercover spies from The
End. We call ourselves the E.N.D. Spies, and we infiltrated the bad guy
gang. We know that Malek likes to spy on other bad guys.''

``Wait you did?'' asked Malek.

``We did. One day a bad guy named Armstrong figured out that Malek likes
to spy on other bad guys. Armstrong ordered me to destroy Malek, but we
escaped and blew up the base instead. Every bad guy died except
Armstrong. Somehow Armstrong survived but he could no longer see out of
his left eye, and he lost feeling in his right arm. His eye and arm were
replaced with robot parts. Ever since that day all of our bases have
been hunted. I am the only Survivor.''

Ender started to cry. I said, ``Ender I'm sorry you can live with us.''
Felix said, ``Beckett are you sure?''

``Yes I'm sure,'' I said.

\hypertarget{two-villains}{%
\section{Two villains}\label{two-villains}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/avestuff.jpg}

After Herobrine Returns (the previous book) King Zombie took control of
the bad guys. He was trying to find more leaders to help him. He was
looking for a witch named Ave that helped him a long, long, long, time
ago. He sent End Bot and his helpers to look for her. Just then -- Ding
dong.

``Who is it?'' King Zombie asked.

``It's me, Ave.''

``Come in,'' said King Zombie.

Ave walked in and said, ``It's good to be back.''

``Ave, you are now a boss for the bad guys. Step closer to receive your
red violet badge and your black armor,'' said King Zombie.

Ave stepped closer and got her stuff. Then Commander Rip said, ``King
Zombie you have to see this!''

They looked out the window to see someone flying toward the gate. It was
Endy.

\hypertarget{endy}{%
\section{Endy}\label{endy}}

There was Endy the Ender Dragon. King zombie said, ``Open the gate, and
let Endy in.''

He landed outside the door. King Zombie ran out and said, ``Endy, what
brings you here?''

Endy said with a growl, ``I want to see a Ave!!!''

Just then Ave ran out the door. Endy said, ``Two years ago King Ghast
took control of all the bad guys. I knew that the bad guys were going to
die, so I quit, and I promised to return when I would be needed. I woke
up today with a plan. Ave, use your powers to make me stronger, faster,
and more evil.''

``Sure,'' Ave said pleased.

\hypertarget{the-power}{%
\section{The Power!!!}\label{the-power}}

\includegraphics[width=2.08333in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/key.jpg}

Ave called three more witches. Ave commanded, ``Look in page 61 of The
Witch Spells.''

They found it and looked at the blueprint. The blueprint looked like
this:

They got ready to do the spell.

Ave said to Endy, ``This really hurts a lot -- remember that.''

Endy said, ``Start,'' so they did.

Endy screamed as he felt himself getting stronger and stronger and
stronger. Soon his eyes turned red, and then the witches stopped.

``How do you feel Endy?'' asked Ave.

``Ha-ha, perfect!'' said Endy in an evil voice.

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/endy.jpg}

\hypertarget{our-cool-spaceships}{%
\section{Our cool spaceships}\label{our-cool-spaceships}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/threeships.jpg}

\emph{Meanwhile at my base\ldots{}}

``I'm done!!!'' Alex said. We ran over. It was a spaceship for the
Water, Fire, Night, and Life Gods.

``Wow!'' Everybody said.

Alex said, ``Oh that's nothing. come with me.'' My team walked down the
hall and walked in a door and saw a big battleship.

``What!!!'' Everybody screamed.

``I'm still working on it. It should be done by the end of this book,''
Alex said.

I said, ``Don't spoil the book.''

Beep! beep! beep!

``It's time for me to go on patrol. Bye everybody see you soon,'' I
said. I got into the amazing Life Ship and flew away.

Then, Ender came back from his time spying on the bad guys and said,
``Where's Beckett?!?''

``Oh, he just went on Patrol.''

``No,'' said Ender.

``What?'' asked Felix.

Ender said, ``Beckett is going to be\ldots{}''

\hypertarget{the-plan}{%
\subsection{The plan}\label{the-plan}}

Sorry that I had to interrupt that chapter but there is something I need
to tell you:

\emph{15 minutes earlier\ldots{}}

The bad guy set up a meeting. King zombie said, ``Endy, you said you had
a plan.''

``Yes,'' said Endy, ``Instead of fighting Beckett's whole team we will
just fight Beckett. Then we will fight the rest of the team. Then we
will suck the Life Gem's magic and use it to take over. Ha-ha-ha!''

``Great idea. To keep the good guys busy I will send Commander
Armstrong,'' King Zombie said. He called Commander Armstrong and sent
him to my base. Ender, who was spying, saw this all and ran away.

\hypertarget{our-cool-spaceships-in-progress}{%
\subsection{Our cool spaceships (in
progress)}\label{our-cool-spaceships-in-progress}}

\ldots{}Hunted by Endy the Ender Dragon, King Zombie, and Ave the Witch!
We need to find him and fast!!"

Everybody ran to their space ships. Alex opened the door when\ldots{}

ZZZAP!!!! A blue ray shot down. Alex closed the door before it got
inside.

``Who did that?!?'' Alex asked herself.

\hypertarget{armstrong}{%
\section{Armstrong}\label{armstrong}}

Ender ran to the camera. He said,'' Armstrong! he did that!''

Armstrong flew over our base in his spaceship. Suddenly arms came out of
the spaceship. One arm was holding a machine called ``The Hypnotizer''

Meanwhile, I was being chased by Endy, Ave and King Zombie. Suddenly a
slot opened in my Life Ship that was the same shape as the Life Sword.
So I put the Life Sword in. Just then a giant sword formed on top of my
spaceship. ``Perfect.'' I said.

I fought the bad guys but they continued chased me.

Meanwhile, Armstrong was attacking Felix, Malik, Alex, Mom, and
Ender.Felix, Malek and Mom were flying their spaceships. Alex and Ender
were inside my base launching cannon balls. Armstrong hit the base with
his Hypnotizer and everyone inside got hypnotized (Alex and Ender). Next
he hit Mom and then Malek. Then in Felix's Fire Ship a slot openned to
put the fireball shooter in. Felix did. Suddenly, a huge fireball
shooter formed on top of Felix's Fire Ship. Felix pressed the button and
the fireball shooter shot a fireball. It hit the bad guys' spaceship,
and it crashed, but Armstrong escaped.

Meanwhile the bad guys were still chasing me. They were right above me
and sucked me in with a tractor beam.

``Oh no.'' I said sadly.

\hypertarget{captured}{%
\section{Captured}\label{captured}}

\includegraphics[width=4.16667in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/lifegod.jpg}

They put me in a cell in their space ship.

``Set a course for Beckett's base,'' King Zombie said.

I was sitting in my cell when I heard a voice. ``Beckett -- it's me the
Life Gem. I'm very proud that you\ldots{}AAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!''"

I heard Ave from outside the cell door, ``I successfully sucked the
magic out of the Life Gem.''

I put my head down I started to cry. ``No,'' I said. But I felt like he
was still alive, and he was.

You see, the Life Gem was being recharged by me. I didn't know how at
the time, but eventually the tank was holding too much magic and got too
full and shut down Ave's magic-sucking contraption. The Life Gem got
free. It hopped to me and then I turned into the Life God and said, ``I
look different.''

The Life Gem said, ``That means you can shoot a tree out of your hand.''

``Cool!'' I said.

Then I cut the bars using my Life Sword. Then I ran to docking area and
climbed into my Life Ship. Then I formed the Life Sword on top of my
Life Ship and cut the spaceship and flew out of the hole. The bad guys'
space ship crashed in front of my base.

\hypertarget{big-fight}{%
\section{Big fight}\label{big-fight}}

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/greenheads.jpg}

King Zombie crashed. When he woke up he saw Felix.

``Well, well, well, look who's here,'' King Zombie said.

``I am here to finish the job -- soon you will be no more,'' said Felix.

Felix turned into the Fire God. King Zombie got out his fire sword. They
fought. Felix wasn't getting anywhere but he was dodging all King
Zombie's attacks. Then he formed the fireball shooter and shot
fireballs. King Zombie dodged all of these. But one of them hit his
sword. Felix kept firing more and more fireballs at King Zombie's sword.
Then the fire sword flew out of King Zombie's hands. ``No!'' King Zombie
said. Felix and King Zombie raced to get the sword. Felix got it first.
Then he slashed King Zombie's head, but King Zombie survived. Felix
said, ``I win,'' and he walked away.

Ave came and helped King Zombie up. Armstrong, Ave, and King Zombie went
away. But Endy stayed to finish the job

\hypertarget{endys-last-breath}{%
\section{Endy's last breath}\label{endys-last-breath}}

Mom said, ``Malek and I will chase King Zombie, Ave, and Armstrong.
Felix and Beckett will defeat Endy.'' Then Mom and Malek ran away. Felix
and I got in our spaceships and started fighting Endy. But Endy was
faster than our spaceships. He could heal very fast, and he was very,
very strong. Endy hit our spaceships so hard with his tail our
spaceships fell to the ground.

``Oh no!'' I said.

``It is all over!'' said Felix.

Then we heard this: ``Screech!!!!''

\includegraphics[width=4.6875in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/longrocket.jpg}

A few seconds later we saw Alex's big battleship!

Alex said, ``I told you it would be ready at the end of this book. Now,
let's go fight Endy.''

I said, ``Okay!''

Endy attacked but he could hardly make a dent in Alex's new ship before
he got hurt. Endy was so distracted by the battleship that he didn't see
me in my spaceship. I formed the sword on top of my spaceship and I
slashed Endy with it. Eventually Endy fell to the ground. When the dust
cleared Endy was no more.

\hypertarget{the-portal}{%
\section{The portal}\label{the-portal}}

\includegraphics[width=4.16667in,height=\textheight]{img/four-bad-guys/portal.jpg}

A few hours later, Ave said, ``We may have lost Endy but we still have
tons of Life Gem magic -- more than I ever thought was possible. I think
I can build a portal that will send the good guys galaxies away.'' So
that's what she did.

\emph{Four days later\ldots{}}

Ave launched the portal. We saw the portal, and we knew it was Ave's
handywork. The portal began sucking up all the local villagers. We
jumped in our spaceships to destroy the portal. It was a hard fight. At
the end, the portal was going to suck up the gods. From a distance Ave
was shooting pulse arrows. These arrows suck up magic. Felix, Malek,
Alex, Mom, and I were all being sucked closer to the portal. Then a
turbo switch opened on Felix's dashboard. Felix pressed the button and
got free of the portal's grip. But then Felix heard me say, ``Goodbye
Felix.''

Alex, Malek, Mom, and I were all sucked in.

Felix said, ``No!'' Felix started to cry. He had no idea what he was
going to do next.

\hypertarget{the-end-1}{%
\section{The end}\label{the-end-1}}

Sorry there will be no more books in this series. No more not at all!

Who am I kidding? I will make tons more!

So find out where I am in my next book:

\textbf{TWO ADVENTURES}

\emph{Book 6 about my adventures in a video game named Minecraft.}

\end{document}
